Next we're going to add a hue and saturation on top of our bottom three layers.
So will go to human saturation and that then we're going to bring the darkness down about halfway maybe
a little bit less than half about negative 37 then we're going to nudge our color a little bit more
towards the green side.
Next we're going to come into our island folder and we're going to select our island shape then we can
close out of that.
Then our water background folder we are going to add a new layer and we're going to fill it in with
a dark dark blue
and we're going to grab it and then we're going to grab it and move it and we will shrink it down
and move it into place.
About there looks good.
Then we're going to bring down the opacity